# Cucumber & Java - Automation Testing for Image testing


## Description

The main files and packages of the project are the following:

1. **src/test/java/device/AppiumDriverFactory.java**: File with the configuration for the devie drivers (types and paths).
2. **src/test/java/report/ReportTest_Cucumber.java**: File generated by the developer Damian Szczepanik (damianszczepanik@github). It implements a function with the report configurations and it is executed at the end of the tests (for that reason, it includes the tag "@Test") in order to generate an advanced report.
3. **src/test/java/runner/RunCucumberTest.java**: File with the basic configuration for running the test. It contains the folder with the Cucumber steps and the report formats for the basic report documents.
4. **src/test/java/pages**: Directory where all the functionalities of the pages are defined. Each file collects all the functions that define the behaviour of a particular page in the web.
5. **src/test/java/steps**: Directory where all the steps are implemented with the tags *@Given*, *@When*, *@Then*. The files included in this folder have the same name that the ones of the *pages* directory, but with the "Steps" word at the end of the name.
6. **src/test/resources/scenarios**: Directory where all the feature files are collected with the Cucumber steps.


## Execute the tests

1. Go to the directory where the file pom.xml is located.
2. Execute the tests with Maven and the browser option defined.

```bash
mvn test
```


## Generated Reports

Next, you’ll have the results of the tests in two different versions.

1. **Basic**: Two files are generated (json & html) with the steps of the Cucumber scenarios and the resolution of all of them. They include the time invested in each step, the result (pass/fail) of the step execution and the definition of each scenario / step. They are located in the directory *target* and the json file is used by the Xray testing management Jira application.
2. **Advanced**: A new directory is generated in the path *target/report*. This contains a main folder *cucumber-html-reports* with different sub-folders and html files that conforms an interactive report. It is recommended to open the *overview-features.html* file in order to open the homepage of the report.

---
